# Culminating-Assignment
For this assignment, the game I created is called MyMaze. The game consists of 3 levels, each varying in difficulty. It starts off easy, with 45 seconds and an easy maze to navigate. The player is expected to go from the start point to the end point within that time frame. However, as the user moves onto levels 2 and 3, then the time limit per level goes down to 30 and 20 seconds. The obstacles of the maze also get progressively more difficult, adding a dynamic to the game. Once the user completes the 3 levels, they are taken to a 'Game Won' screen where they are congratulated and are told to press the mouse to restart.
The game opens with the start screen, which consists of one of the characters “speaking”, welcoming the user to the game and telling them to press the spacebar to move onto the next screen. The user is then taken to the instructions screen, where the steps they must take to play are explained and the things they must watch out for (such as avoid hitting the walls/watch the timer) are mentioned. The user is also told to press the spacebar to start. From there, they are taken to select their character. Once they complete that step, the game officially begins and they start at level 1 of the maze. After completing level 1, they move onto level 2, and then level 3. Failure to complete a level will result in a 'Game Lost' screen being shown to the user. It tells them that they lost, womp womp, and to press the spacebar to restart. Once they do that, they are taken back to the start screen, then instructions screen, then the character selection, and they then go back to the same level they lost at. For instance, if the user lost at level 2, they will restart at level 2 rather than restarting at level 1.
